Generate 100 pairs of words or phrases where the first word or phrase is a substring of the second. Ignore meaning and focus on substring. For example, "mate,checkmate" or "brick,yellow brick road". Use CSV format.

word1,word2
bird,lard
bass,pillow bass
bee,honey bee
belly,apple belly
bell,school bell
berry,raspberry
boat,oar boat
book,story book
box,shoe box
bud,buddy
bug,a bug's life
button,button up
cake,icing on the cake
candle,candlestick
carrot,rabbit hole
cat,kitten
chair,recliner chair
cheese,pepper jack cheese
cherry,cherry pie
chicken,fried chicken
clock,grandfather clock
coffee,espresso coffee
cookie,chocolate chip cookie
cow,dairy cow
crayon,art supply crayon
diamond,diamond ring
dog,puppy
door,screen door
earth,planet earth
elephant,big elephant
email,electronic mail
envelope,return address envelope
finger,pointing finger
flower,rose flower
friend,good friend
glove,work glove
gnome,lawn gnome
hammer,clawhammer
hat,baseball cap
heart,red heart shape
house,white house
ice cream,banana split ice cream
insect,cockroach insect
iris,human iris
jacket,rain jacket
jelly bean,Jelly Belly jelly bean
kangaroo,red kangaroo
keyboard,computer keyboard
kiwi,kiwi fruit
lemon,Lemonhead lemon
letter,business letter
lipstick,Chanel lipstick
lock,bike lock
lollipop,double lollipop
mango,Mexican mango
mask,scuba diving mask
meal,breakfast meal
moon,man in the moon
mountain,Mount Everest
mouse,computer mouse
music,classical music
name,first name
nut,pecan nut
octagon,stop sign octagon
ogre,giant ogre
oxygen,Oxygen gas
pancake,blueberry pancake
parachute,silk parachute
pencil,writing pencil
phone,smartphone
pi,mathematical constant pi
pineapple,Pineapple juice
plane,jet plane
plum,prune plum
pocket,front pocket
polish,nail polish remover
potato,Idaho potato
present,Christmas present
purple,grape purple
quarter,American quarter
question,questions marks
rat,lab rat
rectangle,TV screen rectangle
reflection,mirror reflection
relaxation,deep relaxation
ring,wedding ring
river,Nile River
roadrunner,New Mexico roadrunner
root,radial root
roses,red roses
ruler,yard ruler
salad,Caesar salad
sandal,flip flop sandal
scarab,Scarab beetle
scratch,itchy scratch
seagull,seagulls
shadow,sun shadow
sheep,Sheep dog
shoe,athletic shoe
ship,Titanic ship
shirt,dress shirt
shrimp,grilled shrimp
siesta,afternoon siesta
skyscraper,Empire State Building skyscraper
sleep,sound sleep
snack,healthy snack
sock,crew sock
song,pop song
space,outer space
squid,giant squid
star,shooting star
state,50 US states
steak,t-bone steak
step,high step
stooge,Three Stooges
striped,zebra stripes
string,guitar string
study,bedroom study
suitcase,hardshell suitcase
swan,mating swans
table,outdoor table
taxi,Yellow Cab taxi
television,flat screen television
test,medical test
theater,movie theater
therapy,physical therapy
tiger,Bengal tiger
toast,toasted bread
tomato,cherry tomato
tree,oak tree
truck,pickup truck
tulip,Dutch tulip
umbrella,collapsible umbrella
vacation,beach vacation
valentine,Valentine's Day valentine
violin,violin family instrument
voice,singing voice
volleyball,beach volleyball
wall,White House wall
water,drinking water
wave,surf wave